# Flashcards JS

A great lil browser-based flashcards app, with lots of features (add card, delete all cards, export card data, import card date, shuffle cards)

**Q. Did you make this Flashcard JS web app all by yourself?**

A. I got the idea and starting code from @iamcodefoxx. I didn't want to have to start from scratch, and this was a very well writien, pure JavaScript solution. Thanks and props to Miguel for some great code!

https://github.com/iamcodefoxx/Flashcards?ref=morioh.com&utm_source=morioh.com

**Q. How do I add cards?**

A. Click the *Add* button. A form will appear where you can enter your question and answer. Click the *Save* button to save your card. Your new card will appear on the screen.  Click the *Close* button when you're done adding cards.

**Q. How do I save (export) my cards?**

A. Click the * *Export* * button. A form will appear where you can copy your flashcard data. Click the *Highlight* button to highlight the text in the field (this is your flashcard data), copy and paste it into a text file like Notepad (not Word). Save your text file on your computer. Remember where you saved it. Do not edit this file until you read *How do I edit cards?* Click the *Close* button when you're done.
                    
**Q. How do I delete cards?**

A. Click the *Delete* button. You'll be asked to confirm the deletion. Warning: This will delete all your cards from browser memory. If you haven't exported your card data and saved it on your computer, these cards will be gone forever! Once you click *Ok* to confirm the deletion, the page will be reloaded and your cards will be gone.
          
**Q. How do I edit cards?**

A. You can't edit a card in the browser. But if you open the export file on your computer in Notepad (or some other text editor program), you can edit the question. **Important**: if you change anything other than the text of a question or an answer, you run the risk of corrupting your flashcard data, and when you go to import it, it won't load. Make a backup of your flashcard data **before** you edit the file. The flashcard data is saved in a special format that the browser needs so it can differentiate between questions, and their answers.
          
**Q. How do I load (import) my cards?**

A. Click the *Import* button. A form will appear where you can paste in your flashcard data. Click the *Import* button to load your flashcard data. The browser will reload and show your loaded cards.
          
**Q. How are the flash cards saved when I add them?**

A. The flashcard data is saved in *localstorage* which is like a browser cookie.

